Add out-of-repo deploy instructions (#2192)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: docs/src/man/hosting.md

    ([source repository](https://github.com/JuliaDocs/juliadocs.github.io)) is one example
    where this functionality is used.

### Out-of-repo deployment

> Sometimes the documentation pages can become really large in terms of figures and other
> binaries. In this case, it is useful to deploy the docs in the `gh-pages` of an external
> repository. The following steps can be used to deploy the documentation of a "source"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes the `gh-pages` branch can become really large, either just due to a large number of commits over time, or due figures and other large artifacts.
In those cases, it can be useful to deploy the docs in the `gh-pages` of a separate repository.
The following steps can be used to deploy the documentation of a "source"
```

repository on a "target" repo:

1. Run `DocumenterTools.genkeys()` to generate a pair of keys

> 2. Copy the deploy key to the "target" repository
> 3. Copy the secret key to the "source" repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the **deploy key** to the **"target"** repository
3. Add the `DOCUMENTER_KEY` **secret** to the **"source"** repository (that runs the documentation workflow)
```

4. Adapt `docs/make.jl` to deploy on "target" repository:

```julia
# url of target repo

> repo = "github.com/target.git"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repo = "github.com/TargetRepoOrg/TargetRepo.git"
```

> # deploy with custom environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# You have to override the corresponding environment variable that
# deplodocs uses to determine if it is deploying to the correct repository.
# For GitHub, it's the GITHUB_REPOSITORY variable:
```
